---
title: EvilPlanetWiki:Copyrights
permalink: wiki/EvilPlanetWiki:Copyrights/
layout: wiki
---

Copyright
---------

This website is copyright Â© Jonathan Mayer and Mark Sowash, all Rights
Reserved. No part of this website may be copied, taken, or in any other
way used, whether for financial gain or not, without the express
permission of the webmaster. Leeching of media on this website is
strictly forbidden - all links to this site must be to the home page
(http://wiki.n1nj4.com).

The subject matter of this site is based on the game "Evil Genius" and
some content (such as images or files from the game) may be protected by
copyright.

The Evil Planet Wiki is powered by MediaWiki (http://www.mediawiki.org).
MediaWiki is a free server-based software, that is licensed under the
[GNU General Public
License](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License) (GPL).

"Evil Genius"
-------------

Evil Genius is a game developed by Elixir Studios, and published by
Vivendi Universal Games. This website is not affiliated with either
company or the game in any way - it is purely a fansite. Views expressed
in this site may not reflect those of Elixir Studios, Vivendi Universal
Games, or GameSpy Industries.

Links
-----

This site is a member of the Evil Planet family of sites
(http://www.evilplanet.com, <http://www.n1nj4.com>). This site links to
other sites in the good faith that they are of interest to viewers, but
Evil Planet does not have any affiliation with outside websites, other
than StrategyPlanet.com and "RepRev", and has no control over the
material which may be reside on these websites.
